docs: add version after which connector secrets are deleted. (#42515)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/understanding-airbyte/secrets.md

a secret belongs to. The stable prefix allows operators to understand how often a secret has been modified and group secrets by connections.
3. Not all secrets can be associated to a workspace e.g. Secrets created as part of a [Discover](./airbyte-protocol/#discover) or [Check](./airbyte-protocol/#check) operation. These secrets have a workspace id of
`00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000`. Whenever possible, Airbyte attempts to expire these secrets after 2 hours for security and cost reasons. 

> 4. Airbyte deletes old secrets when connector configuration is updated or deleted as of 0.63.10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. When using Airbyte version 0.63.10 or higher, deleting a connection or updating the connector configuration deletes old secrets.
```
